New Ops On The Block

Alexander Echols 
Langston 
Courtney Johnson 
MaryGrace Ledesma 
Zachary Derrick

Cooperation Plan:

Our team’s key strengths are:
Alexander - public speaking - curiosity - Motivational 
Zak - out of the box thinking - Communication, availability, Artistic eye. 
Courtney - organization, Time management,
MaryGrace - Disciplinary - multi-tasking - good under pressure 
Langston - Notices irregularities

We will utilize our strengths to execute this project by:
Alexander will use his public speaking to help present the project and help coach others. 
Zak will use his communication skills to make sure that the group understands our individual roles. 
Courtney will ensure that the group is on-time with tasks and enforce deadlines. 
MaryGrace will help with making sure to keep the team focused and on track. 
Langston will use his skillset to ensure that our work is accurate.

Our Day-to-Day:
Start with a quick agile scrum meeting, discuss what each person is doing and having issues with, break and work at our table with our mics off unless we have a question. 
If we wish to go to another table to focus, that is fine too. 
Daily Meet-Up Times are: 11 am, 2 pm, and 4:30


Conflict Management: 
Start by determining the severity of the conflict 
Add a conflict board to Trello: 
High priority - 15 mins - sent asap 
Med Priority - 1 to 4 hrs 
Low priority - no time frame or end of day.
Final step before escalating up to the instructors is to discuss as a team with at least 3 members of the team.

Communication plan: 
Alex 7 - 7 on remo and can be reached until 10pm through Slack after 10 emergency only via phone 
Langston - anytime 
Zak - 9AM PST -5 pm can still be reached anytime for emergency through Slack 
Courtney - anytime MaryGrace - 9-7 pm can still be reached for emergency via Slack

Work Plan: 
We will be utilizing Trillo boards to keep an eye on. 
And group meetings in Remo. 
We will be using Trello and Github as our management.

Schedule practice run: 
Name = New Ops on the Block. 
Stand up and practice run time = 09:00 - 09:40

Git Process: 
Components that live on Github SOP’s, README, Code, 
We will share the repository by use of Github/ git bash/ or VS Code. 
Our Git flow will be discussed twice daily. 
Prior to lunch and end of the day. 
We will push and pull from our Project_Prep branch. 
Our PR Review Workflow will require a two-person review. 
Attempt to merge at end of day Communicate through daily meetings and Trello board
